[RFC] `match_only_text` type migration - Stage 0 (#1396)
elastic/ecs: rfcs/text/0000-match_only_text-data-type.md

# 0000: Migrate `text` fields to `match_only_text`
<!-- Leave this ID at 0000. The ECS team will assign a unique, contiguous RFC number upon merging the initial stage of this RFC. -->

- Stage: **0 (strawperson)** <!-- Update to reflect target stage. See https://elastic.github.io/ecs/stages.html -->
- Date: **TBD** <!-- The ECS team sets this date at merge time. This is the date of the latest stage advancement. -->

<!--
As you work on your RFC, use the "Stage N" comments to guide you in what you should focus on, for the stage you're targeting.
Feel free to remove these comments as you go along.
-->

<!--
Stage 0: Provide a high level summary of the premise of these changes. Briefly describe the nature, purpose, and impact of the changes. ~2-5 sentences.
-->

> Indexing `message` fields as the `text` type in security and application logs consumes significant disk space. Part of the disk space spent is on indexing to support phrase queries, which aren't often used in logging use cases. Elasticsearch 7.14 introduces a new field type called `match_only_text` which is a more space-efficient variant of the `text` field type for this logging-focused use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indexing `message` fields as the `text` type in security and application logs consumes significant disk space. Part of the disk space spent is on indexing to support scoring and phrase queries, which aren't often used in logging use cases. Elasticsearch 7.14 introduces a new field type called `match_only_text` which is a more space-efficient variant of the `text` field type for this logging-focused use cases.
```

-->

<!--
Stage 2: Add or update all remaining field definitions. The list should now be exhaustive. The goal here is to validate the technical details of all remaining fields and to provide a basis for releasing these field definitions as beta in the schema. Use GitHub code blocks with yml syntax formatting, and add them to the corresponding RFC folder.
-->

## Usage

Data is indexed the same as a `text` field that has:

* `index_options: docs`
* `norms: false`

`match_only_text` uses the `_source` for positional queries like `match_phrase`

The `match_only_text` type supports the same feature set as `text`, except the following:

* No support for scoring: queries ignore index statistics and produce constant scores.

> * Span queries are unsupported. If a span query is run, then a field mapped as match_only_text will be ignored from the search response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Span queries are unsupported. If a span query is run, then shards where the field is mapped as match_only_text will be returned as failed in the search response and their hits will be ignored.
```
